Add link to example tests (#247)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/advanced/deployment.md

While grammY provides the necessary hooks to start writing tests, it would be very helpful to have a testing framework for bots.
This is novel territory, such testing frameworks largely do not exist.
We look forward to your contributions!

> [Example](https://github.com/PavelPolyakov/grammy-with-tests), which shows how tests could be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example on how tests could be done [can be found here](https://github.com/PavelPolyakov/grammy-with-tests/blob/master/__tests__/bot.test.js).
```
